SOURCE URL: https://sanjivani.edu.in/awards--recognition

AWARDS & RECOGNITION

Awards & Recognition

Awards & Recognition

TECHNOLOGY & AI EDUCATION RANKINGS 2025

Certificate of Recognition - Institution of Transformative Learning -2025

Sanjivani University, Maharashtra, has been honoured with a Certificate of Recognition by Chronicles of India for its outstanding commitment to excellence in Technology and Artificial Intelligence education. The University has been ranked in Category A2 and recognized as an Institution of Transformative Learning under the Technology & AI Education Rankings 2025.

This prestigious recognition reflects Sanjivani University's continued efforts in advancing technology-driven and AI-focused education, fostering a culture of innovation and future-ready competencies, promoting ethical contributions in research and technology, strengthening teaching–learning pedagogy and entrepreneurship, and driving meaningful societal progress through education.

Awarded by: Chronicles of India

Category: A2 – Institution of Transformative Learning

Issued On: 21 February 2025

Certificate ID: 25TECH-AI-A2-44

STAR EDUCATION AWARD 2024

Best Emerging University in Rural - Maharashtra

Sanjivani University has been honoured with the Star Education Award 2024 with deepest appreciation in the category of Best Emerging University in Rural - Maharashtra. This prestigious recognition was presented by AMIT KOLHE during the award ceremony held on 24th, 26th, 27th November 2024 at BMC MARDA, Grounds, Mumbai.

Awarded by: Star Education Award

Category: Best Emerging University in Rural - Maharashtra

Date: 24th-27th November 2024

MHW RANKINGS

Recognition of Engagement in Mental Health & Wellbeing Assessment

This certifies that Sanjivani University participated in the MHW Rankings 2025-26 by R. World Institutional Ranking, and has been ranked in the Diamond+ (Advanced) Band - Distinguished Institutions in Campus Wellbeing, for demonstrated excellence in promoting mental health and wellbeing for students, faculty, and staff.

Awarded by: R World Institutional RANKING

Category: MHW RANKINGS

Institution of Transformative Learning

CERTIFICATE OF RECOGNITION

Sanjivani University has been recognized for its outstanding contributions to higher education. This award celebrates the university's dedication to academic excellence, innovative teaching methodologies, and commitment to student development. The recognition reflects the institution's continuous efforts to provide quality education and create future-ready graduates.

Awarded by:Chronicles of India

Institution: Sanjivani University, Maharashtra

Recognition: Excellence in Higher Education