SOURCE URL: https://sanjivani.edu.in/vision-and-mission

High Contrast

Gray Scale

Increase Font

Decrease Font

Original Font

Underline Links

Text Reader

Select Language​▼

Reset

Whatsapp

Admissions

Facebook

Linkedin

Youtube

Instagram

University Relations

ERP Portal

Projects & Innovation

Examination

Photo Gallery

Events

Apply Now

Home

About Us

Academics

Admission

Students Corner

Placement

IQAC

Careers

Contact

VISION AND MISSION

Home

Vision And Mission

Vision And Mission

VISION

Our Vision

To emerge as a globally recognised university for excellence in Education, Research, Innovation and Entrepreneurship in order to produce effective leaders for serving the society.

MISSION

Our Mission

Providing state of the art infrastructure, industry centric curriculum and education focusing on ethics and critical thinking.

Promoting an innovative and research oriented environment for fostering effective problem solving and entrepreneurial development.

Collaborating with National and International Industries and Higher Education Institutions for academics and research.

Creating a conducive environment for a vibrant, happy and responsible society by contributing to Institutional Social Responsibility (ISR) initiatives.

Late Hon’ble Shankarraoji Kolhe Saheb

Former Minister,

Government of Maharashtra

SANJIVANI RURAL EDUCATION SOCIETY

The Pioneer of Socio-Economic Transformation

Championing Maharashtra's Rural Development, Late Shankarrao Genuji Kolhe Saheb (1929-2022) was a multifaceted personality who left a lasting mark. He commenced his career as an agriculturist by training and began his public service as a village headman (sarpanch). He later served multiple terms as a member of the Maharashtra Legislative Assembly, advocating for farmers' rights.

He famously led a farmers' march to the Reserve Bank of India demanding lower loan interest rates.

Saheb championed policies to improve the lives of rural communities. He also played a key role in establishing educational institutions and cooperative industries, promoting social and economic development in rural areas.

Saheb's legacy extends beyond politics. He was a strong proponent of education and established twelve educational campuses under his institute. His dedication to social upliftment continues to inspire many.

Sanjivani University, Kopargaon,

Near Shirdi, Ahilyanagar

(Maharashtra), 423601.

contact@sanjivani.edu.in

+91 9137700700 / +91 9130191301

Quick Links

HomePhoto GallerySitemapScholarshipSports Facilities

Timing

09:40 AM To 5:40 PM

Site Visitors

5

0

7

4

3

6

How To Reach Us

Shirdi International Airport: 25 kms

Nashik Airport: 75 kms

Chh. Sambhajinagar Airport: 105 kms

Shirdi Railway Station: 13 kms

Kopargaon Railway Station: 0.5 kms

Kopargaon Bus Stand: 1 kms

Samruddhi Highway: 05 kms

©2026 Sanjivani University | All Rights Reserved | Powered by  WhiteCode