SOURCE URL: https://sanjivani.edu.in/privacy-policy

High Contrast

Gray Scale

Increase Font

Decrease Font

Original Font

Underline Links

Text Reader

Select Language​▼

Reset

Whatsapp

Admissions

Facebook

Linkedin

Youtube

Instagram

University Relations

ERP Portal

Projects & Innovation

Examination

Photo Gallery

Events

Apply Now

Home

About Us

Academics

Admission

Students Corner

Placement

IQAC

Careers

Contact

PRIVACY POLICY

Home

Privacy Policy

Privacy Policy

Privacy Policy

Privacy Policy

Effective Date: 12/06/2023

This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Sanjivani University (“Sanjivani,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) collects, uses, maintains, and discloses information collected from users (“User” or “you”) of the Sanjivani University website (the “Website”). This Privacy Policy applies to the Website and all products and services offered by Sanjivani.

Information Collection

We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including but not limited to when Users visit our Website, fill out a form, subscribe to the newsletter, and in connection with other activities, services, features, or resources we make available on our Website. Users may be asked for their name, email address, mailing address, phone number, and other relevant information. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personal identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Website-related activities.

Non-Personal Identification Information

We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Website. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer or device, and technical information about Users’ means of connection to our Website, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized, and other similar information.

Web Browser Cookies

Our Website may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. Users’ web browsers place cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. Users may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies or to alert them when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Website may not function properly.

How We Use Collected Information

Sanjivani may collect and use Users’ personal information for the following purposes:

– To improve customer service: Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.

– To personalize user experience: We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Website.

– To send periodic emails: We may use the email address to respond to inquiries, questions, and/or other requests.

How We Protect Your Information

We adopt appropriate data collection, storage, and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information, and data stored on our Website.

Sharing Your Personal Information

We do not sell, trade, or rent Users’ personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates, and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.

Changes to This Privacy Policy

Sanjivani has the discretion to update this Privacy Policy at any time. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this Privacy Policy periodically and become aware of modifications.

Your Acceptance of These Terms

By using this Website, you signify your acceptance of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use our Website. Your continued use of the Website following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.

Contacting Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Website, or your dealings with this Website, please contact us at:

Sanjivani University

P.O. Shinganapur,

Kopargaon, Tal :Kopargaon,

District: Ahmednagar,

Maharashtra

Pin : 423603

contact@sanjivani.edu.in

+91-9130191301

https://sanjivani.edu.in/contact-us

Sanjivani University, Kopargaon,

Near Shirdi, Ahilyanagar

(Maharashtra), 423601.

contact@sanjivani.edu.in

+91 9137700700 / +91 9130191301

Quick Links

HomePhoto GallerySitemapScholarshipSports Facilities

Timing

09:40 AM To 5:40 PM

Site Visitors

5

0

7

5

0

1

How To Reach Us

Shirdi International Airport: 25 kms

Nashik Airport: 75 kms

Chh. Sambhajinagar Airport: 105 kms

Shirdi Railway Station: 13 kms

Kopargaon Railway Station: 0.5 kms

Kopargaon Bus Stand: 1 kms

Samruddhi Highway: 05 kms

©2026 Sanjivani University | All Rights Reserved | Powered by  WhiteCode