SOURCE URL: https://sanjivani.edu.in/presidents-message

High Contrast

Gray Scale

Increase Font

Decrease Font

Original Font

Underline Links

Text Reader

Select Language​▼

Reset

Whatsapp

Admissions

Facebook

Linkedin

Youtube

Instagram

University Relations

ERP Portal

Projects & Innovation

Examination

Photo Gallery

Events

Apply Now

Home

About Us

Academics

Admission

Students Corner

Placement

IQAC

Careers

Contact

PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE

Home

President's Message

President's Message

Hon’ble Shri. Amit Nitinrao Kolhe

President’s Desk

President’s Desk

Welcome to Sanjivani University,

Sanjivani University takes pride in providing a top-notch education that prepares learners for success in the real world. Sanjivani's academic fraternity is passionate about their subjects and committed to helping learners reach their full potential. They challenge learners to think critically and develop their curiosity.

The University understands the importance of a relevant education. It designs its programs with inputs from industry experts, so learners graduate with the skills employers seek. The learners gain hands-on experience through internships and projects.

Sanjivani believes in comprehensive student development. The University offers career guidance programs to spark learners’ entrepreneurial spirit and research opportunities. Its goal is to foster individuals who are ready to make a positive impact on society.

Our student exchange programs with top internationally reputed universities broaden their horizons and help them become globally competent. In today's world scenario, understanding different cultures is a major factor in success, and at Sanjivani we provide such an environment with holistic development for all its stakeholders.

At Sanjivani, Sustainability is at the heart of everything we do. The University is committed to creating awareness about the UN's Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and empowering the learners to make a positive impact. Whether it's through research or innovative solutions, Sanjivani is committed to encouraging the learners to find a way to create a more sustainable world.

Warm regards,

Hon’ble Shri. Amit Nitinrao Kolhe

President, Sanjivani University

Sanjivani University, Kopargaon,

Near Shirdi, Ahilyanagar

(Maharashtra), 423601.

contact@sanjivani.edu.in

+91 9137700700 / +91 9130191301

Quick Links

HomePhoto GallerySitemapScholarshipSports Facilities

Timing

09:40 AM To 5:40 PM

Site Visitors

5

0

7

4

3

6

How To Reach Us

Shirdi International Airport: 25 kms

Nashik Airport: 75 kms

Chh. Sambhajinagar Airport: 105 kms

Shirdi Railway Station: 13 kms

Kopargaon Railway Station: 0.5 kms

Kopargaon Bus Stand: 1 kms

Samruddhi Highway: 05 kms

©2026 Sanjivani University | All Rights Reserved | Powered by  WhiteCode