SOURCE URL: https://sanjivani.edu.in/vicechancellors-message

High Contrast

Gray Scale

Increase Font

Decrease Font

Original Font

Underline Links

Text Reader

Select Language​▼

Reset

Whatsapp

Admissions

Facebook

Linkedin

Youtube

Instagram

University Relations

ERP Portal

Projects & Innovation

Examination

Photo Gallery

Events

Apply Now

Home

About Us

Academics

Admission

Students Corner

Placement

IQAC

Careers

Contact

VICE-CHANCELLOR’S MESSAGE

Home

Vice-Chancellor’s Message

Vice-Chancellor’s Message

Dr. AjayKumar G. Thakur

Vice-Chancellor's Desk

Vice-Chancellor's Desk

Sanjivani University is an educational landscape imperative to remain steadfast in its pursuit of global academic excellence. Our motto, "Strategize, Succeed, and Shine," encapsulates our commitment to empowering individuals to thrive academically and beyond.

In alignment with the ethos of our institution, we are dedicated to implementing the principles outlined in the New Education Policy-NEP 2020 to provide graduates empowered with multidisciplinary outcomes. At Sanjivani University, we prioritize outcome-based learning, leveraging cutting-edge pedagogy and technology to foster holistic development. Our interdisciplinary curriculum, research-oriented programs, and hands-on learning experiences are designed to cultivate critical thinking, creativity, and ethical values. When an individual is provided with the appropriate resources and support, they can transcend their limitations and achieve remarkable success.

Sanjivani offers international language programs as a part of the curriculum as well as co-curricular learning. Learning another language will boost communication skills and open doors to exciting international opportunities.

Sanjivani University has something special to offer for everyone. The journey towards realizing one's full potential requires the right environment, guidance, and opportunities which is a core of the offerings of Sanjivani University.

Warm regards,

Dr. AjayKumar G. Thakur

Vice-Chancellor, Sanjivani University

Sanjivani University, Kopargaon,

Near Shirdi, Ahilyanagar

(Maharashtra), 423601.

contact@sanjivani.edu.in

+91 9137700700 / +91 9130191301

Quick Links

HomePhoto GallerySitemapScholarshipSports Facilities

Timing

09:40 AM To 5:40 PM

Site Visitors

5

0

7

4

3

6

How To Reach Us

Shirdi International Airport: 25 kms

Nashik Airport: 75 kms

Chh. Sambhajinagar Airport: 105 kms

Shirdi Railway Station: 13 kms

Kopargaon Railway Station: 0.5 kms

Kopargaon Bus Stand: 1 kms

Samruddhi Highway: 05 kms

©2026 Sanjivani University | All Rights Reserved | Powered by  WhiteCode