SOURCE URL: https://sanjivani.edu.in/sanjivani-group-legacy

High Contrast

Gray Scale

Increase Font

Decrease Font

Original Font

Underline Links

Text Reader

Select Language​▼

Reset

Whatsapp

Admissions

Facebook

Linkedin

Youtube

Instagram

University Relations

ERP Portal

Projects & Innovation

Examination

Photo Gallery

Events

Apply Now

Home

About Us

Academics

Admission

Students Corner

Placement

IQAC

Careers

Contact

SANJIVANI GROUP LEGACY

Home

Sanjivani Group Legacy

Sanjivani Group Legacy

Sanjivani University

Sanjivani's legacy is defined by excellence, innovation, and global cooperation. Prioritizing academic rigor and research, it fosters a culture of continuous learning. By forging partnerships with renowned universities worldwide, Sanjivani enhances the academic journey for students and facilitates cutting-edge research opportunities for faculty. Yet, its most profound impact lies in its community of scholars, students, and alumni united in driving positive change. Together, they propel Sanjivani as a beacon of knowledge, innovation, and social impact, ensuring a lasting legacy for generations to come.

Sanjivani College Of Engineering & MBA

Sanjivani K.B.P. Polytechnic, Kopargaon

Sanjivani Institute of Management Studies

Sanjivani College of Pharmaceutical and Research

Sanjivani College of Ayurveda and Research Centre (BAMS)

Sanjivani Business School (PGDM)

Sanjivani Senior College, Arts and Commerce

Sanjivani Junior College, Kopargaon

Sanjivani Sainiki School and Jr. College

Sanjivani International School, Shirdi

Sanjivani Academy, Kopargaon

Sanjivani Academy, Vaijapur

Sanjivani Academy, Vaijapur

Sanjivani Academy, Vaijapur is established in year 2020 under the aegis of Sanjivani Rural Education Society. The school is located in Vaijapur, Sambhajinagar district, Maharashtra. It offers education from pre-primary to class X.

Sanjivani Academy is growing under the leadership of Hon’ble Chairman Nitindada Shankarraoji Kolhe (Prominent Educationist and Social Worker), Trustee Hon’ble Shri Sumit Nitinraoji Kolhe and Mrs Nikita Sumit Kolhe as the Managing Director.

The school has a well-qualified and experienced team of teachers who are committed to providing quality education to the students. The school has a modern infrastructure with well-equipped classrooms, laboratories, library, and sports facilities.

Sanjivani Toddlers

Sanjivani Toddlers

Sanjivani Toddlers, the Pre-primary wings of the Sanjivani Group of Institutions, were established in 2015 with the pioneering branch located in Navi Mumbai. Subsequently, toddlers’ branches were opened in Yeola and Shirdi, providing quality education to young children.

The Sanjivani Group of Institutions, established in 1982 by the late Hon. Shankarraoji Kolhe Saheb, is guided by traditional Indian values of devotion, dedication, and determination. With over 34 years of experience in technical education and more than 12 years in schooling, the Sanjivani group has grown into a network of educational institutions across locations such as Navi Mumbai, Kopargaon, Shirdi, and Yeola. The network includes pre-primary schools and primary schools up to the 10th standard, operating under the brand name of Sanjivani Group of Institutes.

Sanjivani University, Kopargaon,

Near Shirdi, Ahilyanagar

(Maharashtra), 423601.

contact@sanjivani.edu.in

+91 9137700700 / +91 9130191301

Quick Links

HomePhoto GallerySitemapScholarshipSports Facilities

Timing

09:40 AM To 5:40 PM

Site Visitors

5

0

7

4

3

5

How To Reach Us

Shirdi International Airport: 25 kms

Nashik Airport: 75 kms

Chh. Sambhajinagar Airport: 105 kms

Shirdi Railway Station: 13 kms

Kopargaon Railway Station: 0.5 kms

Kopargaon Bus Stand: 1 kms

Samruddhi Highway: 05 kms

©2026 Sanjivani University | All Rights Reserved | Powered by  WhiteCode