SOURCE URL: https://sanjivaniuni.edu.in/

Sanjivani University

Skip to content

Welcome to

Sanjivani University

Sanjivani University was established on the 40th anniversary of the Sanjivani Rural Education Society

Read More

The Legacy of

Learning at Sanjivani University

Sanjivani’s legacy is defined by excellence, innovation, and global cooperation. Prioritizing academic rigor and research, it fosters a culture of continuous learning. By forging partnerships with renowned universities worldwide, Sanjivani enhances the academic journey for students and facilitates cutting-edge research opportunities for faculty. Yet, its most profound impact lies in its community of scholars, students, and alumni united in driving positive change. Together, they propel Sanjivani as a beacon of knowledge, innovation, and social impact, ensuring a lasting legacy for generations to come.

Engineering and Technology

Commerce and Management

Social Science and Humanities

Sanjivani News Letter ‘2025

School of Sciences

School of Pharmaceutical Science

School of Foreign Languages (SFL)

Under Graduate(UG)

Post Graduate (PG)

School of Interdisciplinary Studies

Global Leadership Programmes

IQAC

Latest News and Event

Fortinet Centre of Excellence at Sanjivani University

Fortinet, a global leader in cybersecurity solutions, has partnered with Sanjivani University to establish the Fortinet Centre of Excellence on August 28, 2024. This milestone initiative is set to redefine cybersecurity education by providing students with industry-relevant training, real-world project experience, and advanced resources..

IBM Centre of Excellence at Sanjivani University

Sanjivani University proudly inaugurated the

IBM Centre of Excellence (CoE)

on January 23, 2025. This milestone reflects our commitment to fostering cutting-edge technological skills, industry readiness, and innovation among our students.

…

Courses

B. Tech CSE (AIML)

B.Tech CSE(AIDS)

B. Tech CSE (Cyber Security)

B. Tech CSE

Bachelor of Business Administration

Bachelor of Commerce

Master of Business Administration.

M.Tech_CSE Interdisciplinary Studies

Dean’s Desk (SET)

What We Stand For

Industry Powered Curriculum

Centers of Excellence (CoE) for Critical Thinking and Problem Solving

Innovative Maker’s Space

Excellent Incubation spaces for Entrepreneurial Development

Fostering Oral and Written Communication Skills through High end Labs

Enabling Foreign Language Certifications

Excellent Industry Internship and Placements

State-of-the-art Labs and Infrastructure

Facilitating Study Abroad and International Twinning Programmes

Ample Placement Opportunities with Handsome Package

Holistic Environment to Foster Innovations and Learning

Legacy of Academic Excellence

Comprehensive Student Development Programs

Customized Learning Path as per Learners Career Goals.

Practical Oriented Teaching Pedagogy

Courses Aligned with Sustainability Development Goals(SDG)

Industry Institute Connect

Infrastructure

Prestigious Alumni of Sanjivani Group of Institutes

Join Now

Facebook

Youtube

Instagram

Linkedin