SOURCE URL: https://sanjivani.edu.in/uploads/UGC-8-17-Sanjivani-University.pdf

iawfoeror r5<r< odl
Unive15ity 6rants commission
RrEn ri7rdq. ql{d swx
(Ministry of Education, Gow. of lndia)
r<rgivrr vw,nf +$ lii-td rro ooz
Eahadurshah Zafar Mar& New Delhi-U0002
Phone : 011-23604407, Ot7-236U424
BY E.UNL/SPEED.POST
F.No.A-17 I 2024 ICPP-l/PU)
|t{re Registrar,
Sanjiva.ni University, Kopargaon.
Gat No. 24 and 25, Kopargaon
Taluka Kopargaon
District- Ahmedna gar - 42360 |
ffi
t(?t! Et
ffi
-V-
sr{-frir? E6i
12th September, 2024
,, STPil
Mal'arashtra
E-Mail-reeistranasaniivani.edu.in
Subject: - 
E,sta.btlshment o, th" Sanjlvant Unlverslty, I(opatSaoa, Gat No. 24
and 25, I(opargao!, TaluLa Kopargaor' DLtrlct- Ahmed,ragat-
423601, Maharathtra bg the Governme^t of Mq.hdrdshtra'
tegdrdlng
Sir,
Kindly refer to tlle letter No. SRES/ ES'I"r/2 O24llO1 dated 26.07.2024 an e-mail dated
19.Ot;.2O24 on the subject cited above. The university has submitted attested copies of
Maharashtra Private Universities (Establishment and Regulation) Act,2023 (Mah' Act No'
vlll of 2024) wherein the Sanjivani University, Kopargaon, Gat No' 24 and 25,
Kopargaon, Taluka Kopargaon, Dist-rict- Ahmednagar- 423601, Maharashtra established
Uy'the State Governmint of Maharashtra as a State (Private) Univelsity with effect from
1i.O2.2O24 vide Notification No.Misc. 2023lCR- 130/Uni.4 daled 15 O2'2O24
operational witlr effect from 18.04.2024 (Notification No.SFU-2023/C R'127 /Uni 4 d^led
la.o4.2o24l. Accordingly, the narne of the university has been included in the list of
universities, as maintained by UGC under Section 2(f) of UGC Act' 1956 The list is
available on lhe UGC website www.ugc.Bov in
The Unive.sity may note and adhere to the following:
1.
The inclusion of the name of the University in the list of universities maintained by
the UGC does not by itself allow the University to make admissions in its
programmes. This may be done only after creatron of required academic and
phyiical infrastructure facilities, including library, laboratories and appointment
of ieactring aild supporting stalf as per the norms and standards laid down by the
UGC and Statutory Council(s) concerned.
The University is requested to submit detailed information (soft copy only) in the
prescribed 
- formai (available at 
UGC website at 
the 
link
Lttps: / Twww.ugc.gov.in/oldpdf/proformaprivateuniversiies'pdf along with
"rppo.iittg 
doc-umlents duly attisted by the Registrar of.the University within a
p"iia or 5 -o"*rs from the receipt of this letter. The university is also requested
io upload the filled in format and appendices on its website by giving a link on the
to-'" pug" so that the information is accessible to the students and Seneral
public.
2.

3. Alter receipt of the Inlormation in the above_mentioned format, the folloqring
procedure would be adopted by the UGC for inspection of the University: _
a. The information received from the University in the prescribed format would be
posted on the UGC website within 10 days of the receipt of the information.
Comments would be invited from the general public within I month tlereaJter
about the information submitted by the University. The comments received from
the general public would be placed before the UGC Expert Committee for
perusal.
b. An Expert Committee would be constituted by the UCC to ascertain whether the
University fulrlls the cdteria in terms of programmes, faculty, infrastructural
facilities, financial viability, etc. as laid down from time to time by tl1e UGC and
oth€r concerned statutory bodies such as AICTE, BCI, NMC, Dal, tNC, NCTE,
PCI, etc.
c. The UGC Expert Committee would inspect the University within 3 months of tie
receipt of the information for assessment of infrastruJture and other facilities
available with the Univer5lsy. -The report submirted by the UGC Expert
Committee would be sent to the Universi$ within 2 weeks'of tfre comptetioi oi
the visit for comments.
d r},^e.university may respond to tle report within a period of two weeks after its
r<cErpr. rn case no comments are received from the University within the
timeframe, it would be presumed that the University has no comments to ofer
and further acrion would be taken on the report. Af;.;;"rpt of commenls from
the university, the report and comments ieceived from thi university, if any,
would be placed before a Standing Commirtee oi tn. Ucc. The
recommendations ol t}le Standing Committee would be tlten placed before the
Commission for consideration.
e. The Commission shall take Iinal decision in t}le matter. It may require the
University to submir further complian"" ;"t;;i--'i"' respect of the
observations/suggestions of the _ UGC e*i..t 
^ i.-*ittee / Standing
Committee. The compliance report submitted Uy tf,e Univeisity shall be placed
before the Commission for consideration.
f. On approval of the Commission_, a letter would be issued by the UGC to the effect
that the universitv furn s ft: :li!:.,* ; ;;;;-;';;;srammes, 
facutty,
inlrastructural facilities, financial viabrlity, etc. as tala aowl f.tm time to time by
the UGC and other concerned statutory b;dies.
g. If it is found tiat the private.Unjversity has, even after getting an opportunity to
do 
. so., failed to compty wirh the pr;\.ision. 
"a .h;'r;;;;3 UGC Regulations
including UGC (Establishment oI and -"i"t";;;;. 
;i;lndards in private
Universities) Regulations, 2003 and suggestions-- given if rfr" UCC e"p".,
Committee, the Commission
of f eringany"";;;;;.;;1?"r":ilr:.i:J_iJ:tr"':'1j,,ff 
"r;::1;'..L*[
degree/diploma, as the case may be, rill the defi"i"""vi",-J*n"a.
h. The UGC may also take necessary action against a University awarding a lirst
desree and /or a post-eraduate dJgree, *ht""h -;;;;;";;;ii"i, 
uy ,r," ucc and
inform rhe public in general througi a public norificatiori
4. As per the judgment of the Hon,ble Supreme Court in the case of prof. yashpal Vs.
State of Chhattisgarh, there is no provision to have R;;;o;JientresToff_carnpus
centres beyond rhe rerritorial iurisd-iction of th" ai"i".' I;;;ii 
tt . judg"*"r,t ot
Hon'bte apex court, the Univeisity is requestealo aarre- i. irrl i"r"*i"*,-

d.
a.
b.
c.
5.
c.
7.
rt 3 s[Pn
No olf-campus centre(s) is opened by the University outside the territorial
jurisdiction of the State in view of the judgement of Hon'ble Supreme Court of
Iodia in case of Prof. Yashpal Vs. State of Chhattisgarh
ln case the University has already started any off campus centre outside the
State, it must be closed dollTl immediately. It may also be ensured that any off
campus centre within the State shall be opened only as per the provision laid
down in ttre UCC {Establishment of and maintenance of standards in Private
Universities) Regulations, 2OO3 and with the prior approval of UGC.
The University sha.ll not establish/open/alliliate/recognise any off campus or
constituent college/unit, outside the main carnPus of university, without tie prior
and specific approval of UGC.
It may also be ensured that any off campus centre within the stete shall be
opened only as per the provision laid down in the UGC (Establishment of and
*.irrt".,.ni" of itandards in Private Universities) Regulations, 2oo3 and with the
prior approval of UGC.
The University shall not have any afllliated Colleges.
The Univelsity must ensure that there is no franchising of higher education even
for the purpose of distance education.
The University has to follow University Grants Commission (Minimum Standards
and Procedures for Award of Ph.D.Degree) Regulations, 2022, as amended from
time to time.
No Open and Distance l,earning prograrnmes and on-line programmes shall be
started without the prior approval of UGC Relevaot UGC Regulations are available
on the UGC website wl'vw.ugc,gov in
The University is empowered to award degrees as specihed under Section 22 of tl.e
UGC Act through its main campus in regular mode with tlle approval of Statutory
Bodies of the University and Statutory Council(s), wherever required HoEever'
universities cal award only such degrees as specifred by UGC The University is
required to follow the UGi Notification on Specification of Degrees 2ol4 and its
amendments issued from time to time wherein consolidated list of UGC approved
nomenclature of degrees has been specihed under Section 22 of the UGC Act'
1956 wherein entry tevel of each degree and duration of programme have been
provided. The appioved nomenclature may be followed by the specific area of
specializ.ation to te reflected in the parentheses. This notification is available on
ttr. 
UGc 
website www ugc ac'in under 
the
Iink https: / /www.ugc.gov in/pdfnews/ I 06l84o-specification of-degrees-july-
2014.pdf.
The university shall immediately appoint an Ombudsperson in accordance with
UcC (Redres;al of Grievances of Siuaentsl Regulations, 2023 for redressal of
grievances of students preferably within two months of. starting academic
lctivities. The details of ombudsperson should be displayed on the website of
university and send to UGC also.
The University shall follow UGC Guidelines on hrblic Self-Disclosure by Higher
Education Institutions which are available on UGC website at the link
https: / /www.ugc.gov.inlpdfnews/7822003-CUIDELINES-ON-PUBLIC-SELF
DISCiOSURE.BY-HIGHER-EDUCATION-INSTITUTIONS.Pdf.
e.
f.
5-
8.

,13 s€9il
9. The UniveBity is requid to fo[on/ the UGC @stablishment of and Mainteaance of
Standards in Private UnivE8ities) Regulation, 2@3 aad other Regulations i$ued
froln timc to tiEc and posted on UGC websitc.
This is issued wlth tlrc approval of Competent Authority.
pr AEof I /f!dh.El
Dcputy Secretdjr
b?, to. -
1. The Sccrctarjr
Depalt&ent of Higher Education,
Govemtnctlt of I[dia,
Mirlistry of Educatioa,
Shagtri Bhawaa New Delhi - 1lO OOl.
2. The Principal Sccrctary,
Higher and Tecbatcal Education Department,
Madam Cama Marg,
Hutatma Raj guru Chou'k,
MurDbai-4ooo32, Maharaahtra
3. D.S (Website), UGC, New Dclhi (For posting on website) &
l&Ltfrodqf
Undar Seslclrry
P.ac a ofa